story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2000 survival drama film called
castaway
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
chuck noland is a man of strict
schedules and deadlines
with an executive analyst position at
fedex he travels all over the world
tending to problems at fedex delivery
hubs
he's in russia optimizing the hub's
productivity and gives his long-term
girlfriend kelly a call
telling her he'll be home in around 18
hours he arrives back in the us and
meets up with kelly
and the two head for the nolan family
christmas dinner where chuck's brother
brings up marriage for kelly and chuck
the two laugh it off but chuck's tooth
starts hurting and considers heading to
the dentist
an emergency comes up and chuck needs to
leave for malaysia
the pair consult their schedule books
and it's clear that chuck is a man who
places his work above anything else
considering that it's the holidays and
he still intends to leave
kelly accepts this and tries to
compromise asking chuck to be home
before new year's eve to which
chuck says yes at the airport kelly
gives chuck an old watch
a family heirloom as a christmas present
chuck is touched by kelly's gift and
gives her a gift in return
he hands her a small box which she
believes to be an engagement ring
chuck then tells her they'll open it on
new year's eve when he returns
chuck then takes off along with four
flight crew members and the flight
appears to be normal
a few hours into the flight and they run
into a storm
chuck hears the pilots talking about how
they've deviated off course to avoid the
storm but are now out of radio coverage
the storm gets worse and something in
the plane explodes
chuck and the flight crew are thrown
around but chuck manages to hold on to
an emergency life raft
chuck sees the ocean getting closer and
before he knows it and impact rocks the
aircraft and water floods the plane
a few hours later he wakes up on the
beach of an uncharted island in his life
raft along with debris from the plane
including several fedex packages
chuck surveys the island finding a cave
and climbs to the island's highest peak
he sees the body of a crewman floating
close by and runs to it
he finds it's one of the crew members
and discovers he's been saying the man's
name wrong all this time
he buries the man and says a short
prayer in the early morning
chuck sees a ship and tries his best to
signal it but the ship is too far
he gets on his raft and foolishly tries
to make a break for the ship but ends up
getting smashed by the waves
injuring his leg in the reef he crawls
back to the beach and retreats into the
cave
prepared to die he sees kelly's watch
and regains his will to survive
the next day chuck opens up the packages
he found on the beach except for one
that has a pair of wings on it
in the boxes he finds vhs tapes a pair
of ice skates
and a volleyball which he names wilson
with the equipment he's scavenged
chuck gathers food water and is even
able to make a shelter
after many failed attempts chuck makes
fire and his spirits are lifted
now having access to warmth light a way
to cook food
and a companion in the form of wilson
the volleyball
while hunting chuck's tooth starts
hurting again and he's forced to perform
a tooth extraction on himself
he jams one of the ice skates in his
mouth and smashes it with a rock
breaking the tooth out and passing out
years pass and chuck is now more used to
life on the island
his hair has grown out he hunts
efficiently and is even able to figure
out dates
making his own solar calendar his cave
has also been improved
now decorated with painted faces chuck
and wilson's solitary life changes when
a large piece of plastic floats into
shore and chuck gets the idea of turning
it into a sail
chuck starts chopping down coconut trees
and gathering wood to create a raft
he then has to make a lot of rope and
calculates that he'll have to finish his
raft
stock it and prepare to leave in as
little as a few months so he can use the
wind and tides to his advantage
chuck is halfway finished with his raft
when he realizes he needs more rope
he chats with wilson telling him that
there's a way to get 30 more feet of
rope but he doesn't want to do it
he argues with wilson and eventually
agrees to get the rope
he climbs to a high point and starts
pulling up a rope tied to a broken tree
overlooking a cliff
he pulls up something heavy looking like
a person-shaped tree with a noose around
its neck
back at the cave he talks to wilson
revealing that the reason for the tree
dummy was because he was testing out
suicide
he wanted to see what would happen if he
had hung himself from that height and
saw that he'd end up breaking his bones
and would have died slowly
he explains to wilson that he didn't
want to spend the rest of his life on a
god forsaken island talking to a
volleyball
he gets angry and throws wilson out of
the cave and into the surf
he immediately regrets his decision and
spends some time finding wilson
apologizing to the volleyball sometime
passes and chuck prepares to depart on
his raft
he etches a message on a boulder stating
his name and that he'll escape into the
sea
including an affectionate message for
kelly after that
chuck launches his raft and it is afloat
he starts paddling through the reef and
gets slammed by waves over and over
he spots a huge wave and he and wilson
brace themselves
he unleashes the large plastic sail and
the wind pushes them over the wave
chuck looks back at the island he called
home for years and journeys into the
void of the open ocean
chuck and wilson journey for several
nights and get hammered by storms
passed out with no food or water a dizzy
chuck wakes up and notices that wilson
has drifted away
he swims after wilson but wilson has
drifted too far
he now has to make the difficult choice
of getting wilson back or keeping his
grip on the raft
chuck chooses to remain with the raft
and apologizes to wilson for letting him
go
crying and shouting passed out once
again on the raft
chuck is awakened by a passing ship and
is rescued
back in the u.s kelly receives a phone
call and faints from the news
four weeks later and chuck is on a
flight back to the us chartered by fedex
he's greeted by simple amenities that
had been absent to him on the island
like soda
ice and even just comfortable clothes he
expects kelly to meet him at the
terminal but finds out that a funeral
had been held for him and that kelly had
to move on
kelly has also gotten married and is now
a mother chuck arrives at the airport
greeted by a crowd of fedex employees in
the media
after the ceremony he enters the
terminal and is greeted by jerry
kelly's husband he tells chuck that
kelly is too overwhelmed and simply
couldn't face him at the moment
jury leaves and through a window chuck
sees jerry leading a weeping kelly to
their car
after the fedex employee celebration of
chuck's return chuck is left alone in
his hotel room
seeing a mountain of food left behind by
everyone he also spots a small lighter
on the table
recognizing how such a small and simple
object can be the key to life or death
on the island
and here it is just left out on the
table
that night chuck heads to kelly's house
and the two reunite
they catch up with one another and chuck
finds out that kelly never stopped
looking for him until the day he was
found
chuck returns the watch reasoning out
that it's a family heirloom and should
stay within the family
chuck returns the watch with a heavy
heart as it was one of his motivations
to survive and get himself back to
civilization
chuck expresses his regret of leaving
that night kelly reminds chuck of his
promise to return and cries
kelly brings chuck to the garage and
chuck is surprised that kelly has kept
the car they shared as a couple
the two hug affectionately and chuck
prepares to drive off
before he could leave the driveway kelly
runs out and they share a kiss and tell
each other they still love one another
they hold each other affectionately but
come to an understanding that too much
had changed
kelly now has a family and no matter how
much she loves chuck
she can't abandon them the two sadly
depart
czech expresses to a friend the
bittersweet experience of losing kelly
when he crashed
surviving on the island making it back
to society
only to find out that he had been
considered dead and that he's gained his
life and kelly back
only to lose her a second time chuck
drives to texas to return the unopened
package with a pair of wings
he arrives at a farmhouse but nobody is
home he leaves the package in a note
saying the package saved his life and
thanking the person who sent it
on his drive out he stops by an
intersection and reads a map
a woman in a farm truck drives up to
chuck and happily gives him directions
she then drives off and chuck sees a
pair of wings painted on the woman's
truck
chuck steps onto the intersection
looking at all four directions
then looks at the direction where the
woman drove off to and smiles
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching